feat(serverless): headers reference (#6452)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/concepts.mdx

The maximum size of the ephemeral storage is tied to the allocated memory.

## Headers (request)

> Scaleway Serverless Containers automatically inject several HTTP headers into every incoming request. These headers provide metadata about the request, the client, and the routing path through the Scaleway infrastructure. Ready [header reference documentation](/serverless-containers/reference-content/request-headers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway Serverless Containers automatically inject several HTTP headers into every incoming request. These headers provide metadata about the request, the client, and the routing path through the Scaleway infrastructure. For more information, see the [header reference documentation](/serverless-containers/reference-content/request-headers/).
```
